NE-986: Add the information about allowedsourceranges (#51776)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-configuring-lb-allowed-source-ranges.adoc

// Modules included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/configuring_ingress_cluster_traffic/configuring-ingress-cluster-traffic-load-balancer-allowed-source-ranges.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-configuring-lb-allowed-source-ranges_{context}"]
= Configuring Load Balancer allowed source ranges

> By configuring Load Balancer allowed source ranges, you can limit the access to the Load Balancer for the `ingresscontroller` to a specified list of IP address ranges. The Ingress Operator reconciles the Load Balancer Service and sets the `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` based on `AllowedSourceRanges`.

Reviewer: * Should `ingresscontroller` just be "Ingress Controller"?
* Also add a "field" or something after the `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges`
* I'd also consider changing everywhere in this PR where you talk about `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` and `AllowedSourceRanges` to camelcase, like  `spec.loadBalancerSourceRanges` and `allowedSourceRanges` to match how you actually see it in your YAML in the procedures. I think the capital first letter is only shown that way if you do `oc describe`. Also suggest removing the "." in front of "spec", because I don't think it is actually a level down

Author: Addressed

> By configuring Load Balancer allowed source ranges, you can limit the access to the Load Balancer to a specified list of IP address ranges on the cloud provider for the ingress. The Ingress Operator reconciles the Load Balancer Service and sets the `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` based on `AllowedSourceRanges`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By configuring Load Balancer allowed source ranges, you can limit the access to the Load Balancer for the `ingresscontroller` to a specified list of IP address ranges. The Ingress Operator reconciles the Load Balancer Service and sets the `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` based on `AllowedSourceRanges`.
```
I think it is a bit more clear this way.

Author: Addressed

[NOTE]
====

> If you have already set the `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` field of the Load Balancer service in a previous version of {product-title}, this configuration gets overwritten during an upgrade. To avoid this risk, do not set `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` field when `AllowedSourceRanges` field is empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have already set the `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` field or `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` annotation of the Load Balancer service in a previous version of {product-title}, Ingress Controller will start reporting `Progressing=True` after an upgrade. To fix this, set `AllowedSourceRanges` that will overwrite `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` field and clear  `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` annotation, and Ingress Controller will start reporting `Progressing=False` again. 
```

Author: Addressed

====

.Prerequisites

* You need a deployed Ingress Controller on a running cluster.

.Procedure

> * Set a new allowed source ranges API for the `ingresscontroller` by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Set the allowed source ranges API for the `ingresscontroller` by running the following command:
```

Author: Addressed

> * You need a deployed Ingress Controller on a running cluster.

Reviewer: I'd consider "You must have" or "You have a"

Author: addressed
